Okay, perfect. Okay, I'm going to switch off.
You tell me when.
Recording is now in progress, Christine so you can start. Thank you very much. I can start. So hello everybody.
Very nice to be again with you all, and to share memorable moments with Shreemataji.
Antoinette, she and she recognized me because of my accent.
And yes, I have a French accent because I'm French.
And I know and I'm aware that some yogis, sometimes are annoyed about this accent.
Once, one of them was present when I was speaking to Shreemataji.
And Shreemataji looked at him and said, Oh, her English is quite good.
But at other times, she was just laughing, laughing, laughing a lot, repeating the words I was twisted, twisted, twisted, twisted, twisting, whatever.
And she was just having fun about my French English. So you two don't be annoyed and just have fun.
In one ashram, some flowers once came for Shreemataji, and they came from a yogi living abroad.
And one yogi said, we cannot give these flowers to Shreemataji because this guy is very, very strange and funny.
And another yogi said, no, we can't do like this. We have to inform Shreemataji. And she decided.
And in fact, Shreemataji took, accepted the flowers and said,
even the foolish ones have the right to worship God.
If we are in Saja Yoga, it is because each one of us was found worthy by Shreemataji to be a cell of her cosmic body,
to have a role in this big divine play of transformation of evolution.
And in our big family, Sahaj, there is only one to be put on a pedestal and only one to be worshiped.
And this is our divine mother who confirmed this in Poland after Anne-Grétain Mie told her,
Shreemataji, people are comparing us with the disciples of Christ.
And Shreemataji said, you see, when people see me, they know, they feel that I'm someone special,
that I'm someone higher, and they put me on a pedestal.
When these people see you, human beings like they are, this gives them confidence to be also able to achieve what they see in us.
You are my advertisement.
Shreemataji gave, like I told last time, Shreemataji came to Moulouse in 83 to give a program and she met the yogis.
And one German yogi, Thomas, showed Shreemataji on a map that not far away from our place in the mountains, the Lévoges, there is a huge, huge cemetery, military cemetery.
During the First World War, about 30,000 German and French soldiers were killed there and more than twice were injured.
Shreemataji asked for a coconut. She took the coconut in front of her and she was speaking some mantras in this coconut.
And she asked us to put this coconut under earth in this cemetery, what we did the same day.
This was in 83. In 2014, I read that the German president, Mr. Gauke, and the French president, Mr. Roland, put the first stone in this place for a museum, French-German museum, as a symbol of reconciliation.
And when we, our little group of Moulouse, offered Shreemataji a present before she left, it was a scarf, a silk scarf painted by one of us, she said, but you offered me already the best present yesterday with all these people who got realization.
I must say that the first times after my realization, I was just lifted up. Everything was going very well. I was happy, the life was beautiful, wonderful.
And I developed a kind of arrogance because when I saw brothers and sisters having problems, I couldn't understand. I said, they have the Kundalini awakened, then why do they have problems?
And this, till myself, was put in a situation, a problematic situation, and I could look at myself and say, no, Christine, you have the Kundalini awakened, then why do you have these problems?
And I knew up to this point that the real work, the hard work of purification, of transformation, was starting. And during one meditation, I could see a bird flying in the sky, but very straight, like this.
And suddenly this bird fell down. And after some time, the bird was also flying to the sky, but very smoothly, very, very gently, not straight away. And I knew it's me.
When Shri Mataji came in 85 in Strasbourg, she spoke to Wood about my problematic situation, who was over at this time, and she said, you see, I could have told something to Christine, but I wanted her to see by herself.
What I remember about Strasbourg was that my sister and me, we prepared a garland of flowers to welcome me, to welcome Shri Mataji. And this garland of flowers, the colors, were exactly matching with the service that she wore at this time.
I remember also, we were maybe two, three ladies in the bedroom with Shri Mataji, and I felt she was preparing me for my age, because she was telling how miserable the life of a man who is alone is.
How miserable. When you see his house, there is one broken chair in one corner, broken cups in another on the table. And if this man is lucky, he has a dog to whom he can give his love.
And she was also mentioning how her husband, her C.P., is spending on the market 10 times more than when she is buying.
But there were also some yogis criticizing me because I dared to be in the flat where Shri Mataji was staying after my problematic situation, who was over already at this time.
And before leaving Strasbourg, Shri Mataji gave some presents to some yogis, and she called me.
And she had a necklace of pearls for me, and she wanted to put this necklace around my neck, but she couldn't open the necklace.
And with great humor, she said, you see, I can manage the whole world and I'm not able to open a necklace. Someone helped her and she put it around my neck. I was not the only one to be moved.
Even one of the criticizers came to see me afterwards and said, Christine, you see, when I felt the love of Shri Mataji, I just couldn't stop crying, crying.
And Warren, who was sitting near him, was telling him, stop crying, you are a man.
And you see, with such situation, with such gesture, Shri Mataji showed us, I know everything about you. I know what you had to go through.
And she, the only one with the authority to criticize, to judge our ill-doings, didn't criticize, didn't judge, but with great, great patience, she helped us to recognize what is wrong in us, so that we could correct it and we could improve on our spiritual path.
She never, never put someone down. No, she elevated everybody. And this is the magic of Divine Motherly Love, compassion, Sandra Kavuna, protection, guidance, intelligence, diplomacy.
Another story to be shared with you. It was in India, after a birthday puja or Shiva puja, I don't remember. It was in a big stadium. Everything after the puja was fine. But suddenly I saw some person and I reacted completely inside me, against these people.
And it was for me so frustrating, because I could see it was clear that even after a puja, these people have the power to put me out of my balance. And I was not strong to go beyond.
And inside me, I just said, Shri Mataji, what should I do? The answer came immediately. I jumped, because what I heard, it was such a strong thunder.
Like if the whole sky was shooting at a big, big loud voice telling one word, forgive.
And before saying some words about our center, in the center of Vienna, a story which shows how to avoid to do something without hurting somebody.
It was a new Saja Yogini, a poly Saja Yogini who came into the hotel with blueberries to do a dessert for Shri Mataji. We tasted the blueberries and they were too sour.
And we told her, Shri Mataji doesn't like sour foods. We cannot offer them to her. And she was very self-confident. She said, no, no, no, no, no. You will see with sugar, it will be very good. Excellent.
We couldn't do something so that she changes her mind. We gave up, but we gave up and done.
After shopping, Shri Mataji came into the hotel, but this time she didn't go immediately to the salon. She came through the kitchen. She went to the kitchen and she saw the blueberries.
And she said, oh, blueberries, but they must be very sour. And this Yogini, no, no, Shri Mataji, with sugar, it will be excellent.
Shri Mataji said, all right, you prepare these blueberries, but I give you the recipe. You take a paprika, red paprika, you cut it in small cubes.
You mix with the blueberries, you put some salt and you bring me this dessert. So this lady did it. Shri Mataji vibrated this dessert.
And after she said to this lady, and now you distribute this dessert to everybody who is here because this dessert is very good for the liver of everybody.
So Shri Mataji didn't eat one of them. And we just enjoyed a nice brussela for our liver.
About our center, in the center of Vienna, Postgasse.
And it was during a seminar, one brother that a lot of you know, Steve Jones, expressed the desire to have a dropping in center in Vienna.
And we were a little group of four or five people meeting for this project. And what was beautiful in this group that nobody wanted to dominate the other one.
We just listened to each other. And we all agreed, if it has to be, it will come. We don't push anything.
And we also agreed for the center to be used only for meditation and giving realization to maintain the level of vibrations.
And we found one place.
And the day, the evening of the day when we found it in the meditation, evening meditation, our son chose by chance one cassette.
And he was 10 years old at this time.
And in this cassette Shri Mataji was telling how she found Kananjwari.
And she said also, when the desire is pure, all the deities, all the angels, all the Ganas will help you.
Paramchaitanya too, and your dreams become true.
And when my husband Herman was in the financial committee, who took place in our house, informed the people that we found a place for a center.
He didn't have to speak a lot because without asking, the vibrations suddenly flew so strongly.
I was not part of this financial committee. I was in the kitchen.
But at the same time, I just felt also in the slightly other one, this strong flow of vibrations.
And even one of the yogis said, but it's like a pooja. So we didn't have to argue, we didn't have to explain anything.
It just worked out.
The center since 2006 is open without interruption, except for during the time of pandemic when because of the government, we had to close it.
Otherwise, from Monday to Friday, we have an evening program, music program, program in German, in English, in Russian, in Ukraine.
We have meditation at six o'clock in the morning. We have workshops during the weekend.
And I think they are about 50, 60 people involved in the center.
And to see how each one of us, with his proper qualities, abilities, is helping in the center.
It reminds me the world, Shri Mataji said in 85 in Strasbourg, there will be a state without government where everybody will know what he has to do and will be respected for what he's doing.
Shri Mataji came in Vienna in 2009.
And yes, it was very painful to see her in the state she was at this time, in a rolling chair, no more speaking to yogis, no more interfering with yogis, like indifferent for all what is happening around her.
We knew that she will not be able to come to the center post-Gassa. So we prepared an album with pictures of the center to show her and to express our thankfulness, our gratitude.
And we could go and present this album to Shri Mataji.
Steve was giving information about the center. And in the moment where he said,
Shri Mataji, the center is mostly run by ladies. In this moment, Shri Mataji looked at me, she smiled to me, she did this with her head.
She gave her blessing to the center. Because you see, we cannot reduce this big incarnation to her human form she had.
She is Mahamaya. She is beyond our understanding. She is beyond our concept.
And when she left her body in 2011, she didn't leave us, her children. She didn't abandon us. She is still alive in us, outside us.
And her divine magic is going on. And in this world full of aggressiveness, of hatred, each one of us is so precious to be an instrument for her love.
This love, fighting negativity, wanted to destroy her creation. And it's not a question of how long we are in Sahaja Yoga, but how strong is our connection and faith in the Divine.
How intense is our desire to transform ourselves in nobler personalities.
We saw in her lifetime how hard she worked for the emancipation of the mankind.
How suffering she took upon herself. As she said, Christ was crucified once, and I'm crucified every day.
So we, her children, if in our daily life we desire, with determination, with sincerity, with humility, not to cease from mental fight, like William Blake said in his wonderful poem, Jerusalem.
If we decide, wherever we are, whatever we are doing, to train our attention to be at her lotus feet, if we desire to develop in us more and more the Divine weapons like thoughtless awareness, introspection, forgiving,
witnessing, surrendering, then we do justice to the trust she placed in us, so that as a proud mother, she can say about us, these are my children. I love them. I choose them. And they don't deceive me.
Jai Shri Mataji.
So I'll just stop the recording, if I can. Here we are.
Yes, stop.